/**************** Netflix ***************/
Hints:
The exploration should have a goal. As you explore the data, keep in mind that you want to answer which type of shows to produce and how to grow the business.
Ensure each recommendation is backed by data. The company is looking for data-driven insights, not personal opinions or anecdotes.
Assume that you are presenting your findings to business executives who have only a basic understanding of data science. Avoid unnecessary technical jargon.
Start by exploring a few questions: What type of content is available in different countries?
How has the number of movies released per year changed over the last 20-30 years?
Comparison of tv shows vs. movies.
What is the best time to launch a TV show?
Analysis of actors/directors of different types of shows/movies.
Does Netflix has more focus on TV Shows than movies in recent years
Understanding what content is available in different countries

Evaluation Criteria (100 Points):

1. Defining Problem Statement and Analysing basic metrics (10 Points)

2. Observations on the shape of data, data types of all the attributes, conversion of categorical attributes to 'category' (If required), missing value detection, statistical summary (10 Points)

3. Non-Graphical Analysis: Value counts and unique attributes ​​(10 Points)

4. Visual Analysis - Univariate, Bivariate after pre-processing of the data

Note: Pre-processing involves unnesting of the data in columns like Actor, Director, Country

4.1 For continuous variable(s): Distplot, countplot, histogram for univariate analysis (10 Points)

4.2 For categorical variable(s): Boxplot (10 Points)

4.3 For correlation: Heatmaps, Pairplots (10 Points)

5. Missing Value & Outlier check (Treatment optional) (10 Points)

6. Insights based on Non-Graphical and Visual Analysis (10 Points)

6.1 Comments on the range of attributes

6.2 Comments on the distribution of the variables and relationship between them

6.3 Comments for each univariate and bivariate plot

7. Business Insights (10 Points) - Should include patterns observed in the data along with what you can infer from it

8. Recommendations (10 Points) - Actionable items for business. No technical jargon. No complications. Simple action items that everyone can understand

Submission Process:

Type your insights and recommendations in the rich-text editor.
Convert your jupyter notebook into PDF (Save as PDF using Chrome browser’s Print command), upload it in your Google Drive (set the permission to allow public access), and paste that link in the text editor.
Alternatively, you can directly submit your PDF on the portal.
Optionally, you may add images/graphs in the text editor by taking screenshots or saving matplotlib graphs using plt.savefig(...).
After submitting, you will not be allowed to edit your submission.


Data analysis:
- Datatype: 
	- Convert date_added to datetime
	- Except year all are categorical data
- Unique: 
	- There should be some typo in the country as there are only 190 countries are recognised
- Missing values:
- 

Data Cleaning:
- Fill missing values
- 

EDA:
- No of movies by month (2 plots one for movies and one for shows)
- Avg no. of days between releases
- No. of days between release year and date added
- Find unique value of movie category and each category vs year
	- Find movie share between categories
	

Recommendations:
Expand Classic Movie Selection: Most movies on Netflix are released after 2010. Including more classic films will attract users from older age groups.
Increase Animation Content: The platform currently features movies predominantly for adult age groups. Adding more animated movies for kids will attract teenage users.
Broaden Geographic Diversity: Netflix hosts movies and TV shows from 123 countries. Adding content from the remaining ~70 countries will expand the customer base in those regions.
Increase Netflix Originals: Only a few movies (2) have been released directly on Netflix before hitting theaters. Increasing this number could boost user engagement.
Enhance January and February Lineup: Fewer movies and TV shows are added in January and February. Increasing content additions during these months will provide more options for users during this period.

In South India, people are more interested in Movies and TV shows, none of influential actors are listed in top 10 actors netflix list. Including those actors movies will 
increase customer base in those regions

Though India is second contributor for movies, it is in seventh place in terms of TV shows. Increasing the TV shows will increase the customer base

TV shows with many seasons are very less, increasing the shows with longer seasons helps to extend the subscription of the user to the platform

Genre of movies or TV shows are not distributed uniformly, horror, scify fantasy movies are comparatively very less. Increasing those contents will apply the platform generally to much users